OSP IPI and UPI without FIPs - OSDOCS 1288 and 1275 (#25216)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

   }
}
----
|`platform.openstack.ingressFloatingIP`

> |An existing floating IP address to associate with the Ingress port. To use this property, `platform.openstack.externalNetwork` must also be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|An existing floating IP address to associate with the Ingress port. To use this property, you must also define the `platform.openstack.externalNetwork` property.
```

> |An IP address, for example `128.0.0.1`.

Reviewer 2: Is it expected that the example IP addresses for `platform.openstack.ingressFloatingIP` and `platform.openstack.lbFloatingIP` are the same?

Author: It's not unexpected. It's to show appropriate values above all else. 

If you have a different address in mind, I'm happy to plug that in, though. ;)

|`platform.openstack.lbFloatingIP`

> |An existing floating IP address to associate with the API load balancer. To use this property, `platform.openstack.externalNetwork` must also be defined.

Reviewer: "
